---
layout: post
title:  "Burn out"
date:   2019-12-18 02:04:45 -0400
---

Burn out.
It's like, I am drained of all my energy.
Staring at the blinking cursor in my terminal,
I have not even the slightest desire to type even a single character.
It is not that I am incapable of continueing,
but more like I no longer have the wish to.
The will and the determination that once drove me crossing the pacific are still there,
I can yet still feel it beating vividly in my chest.
What is lost is not my will, not my determination, but my direction.
I can feel the strength in my muscles and yet I still feel powerless.

I ask myself, why? Why did this happen?
Just few years ago, I was so sure that this was my path to go down.
Every thing that I have done, every choice that I have made,
was just so that I can get to where I am now.
But now that I am here,
I have no joy.

Stripping away of my humanity, everything becomes logical, deterministic, provable.
So, how does it feel like to be human again?
Sometime, I wonder, how does it feel like, to feel, not through linear transformation and collision models,
but through my eyes and then my heart, to hear the voice of every single one of them,
their thoughts, their voice, their identity.

I, or we, bunch of ignorant, self-proclaimed elite of this society, blindly going forward,
building the utopia that we have dreamed of,
that are doomed to fail because we simply do not understand the one thing the matters,
Us.
The humans.
The humnaity. 
I am angry,
at our ignorance,
at my ignorance.
How can we claim that we are making things better,
if we don't even understand what it is that we are building.

We are walking blindly into a swap,
with no map,
with no compass.
Yet we seem confident,
at our mission.

We fail,
We stumble,
why wouldn't we, the pethetic ignorant fools.
We shut our ears,
we buried our head deep in the sands,
screaming from the top of our lungs drowning out every bit of voice that question us,
because it has become to big to fail.
We create a legacy,
a laughable legacy.
Yes, an engineering marvel,
and also a pethetic clown.

What are we building?
The path to a better tomorrow?
Or our own very self-destruction.

Under the tips of our very fingers, are the super powers that can fundementally reshape this world.
But I don't want to one day stand upon the ruin of this earth,
watching the destruction around me,
knowing that I had anything to do with it.
I am genuinely scared,
I don't want to be a part of,
humanity's murder.
